;住：
;1.[0xB2B12CD0]的"Bonjour!"是刻意保留的 不用改

[BLOGALX]
;0x01765F39=My look today is very boho chic... floaty skirt, cowboy boots, chunky belt. I'm the BOMB!
0x01765F39=今天我的打扮很有波希米亚风情...轻薄的短裙、牛仔靴、大腰带。我就能震住全场！

;0x026CE39F=LiberatedWoman says: OMFG! What?
0x026CE39F=LiberatedWoman：wc！啥玩意？

;0x05F65359=-----Transcript-------
0x05F65359=-----聊天摘录-------

;0x0C8678FA=LiberatedWoman says: Why would I be on fire?
0x0C8678FA=LiberatedWoman：为什么我会欲火焚身？

;0x0FBAFBC2=Trent drove me out to his place in the Carraways this weekend. We had dinner under the stars. He tied me up with a ball in my mouth and invited some of his golf buddies over. The next morning, I put my hair in pigtails and came down to breakfast in one of his white shirts. Uber sexy. He calls me his little slut bucket which is soooo sweet!! He told that me he is going to leave his wife. Fingers crossed! I'm sitting in my apartment right now, smoking a cigarette and looking out at the hustle and bustle in the streets below. Liberty City is my city and I love it!
0x0FBAFBC2=这周末Trent开车带我去了他在Carraways的家。我们在星空下吃了晚饭。他把我绑了起来，塞上口球，还请了他的几个高尔夫朋友过来。第二天早上，我绑了两条辫子，穿着一件他的白衬衫，就下楼去吃早饭了。超性感。他管我叫他的小荡妇，太太太好听了！！他跟我说他要离开他的老婆。上帝保佑！我现在坐在我的公寓里，抽着烟，看着楼下路上的喧哗嘈杂。自由城是我的城市，我爱这里！

;0x130B84DC=Mike says: IRL
0x130B84DC=Mike：真的

;0x1545F400=Que horror! Daddy had the nerve to suggest that I get a job. I have never been more offended in my life. I'm a visionary, I blog. Is it not more important to weave some art into life's rich tapestry, to let my creative juices seep out like a snailtrail on a black bedspread? Wow, I am on fire today. And I'm not just talking about the chlamydia. I have straddled the line between prose and poetry and I am grinding it seductively. That reminds me. I have to tell you about my date with Niko. We went to a stripclub! I KNOW! And they say romance is dead! It was quite an eye-opener for a girl of my upbringing and social standing, I can tell you. And a leg-opener.
0x1545F400=太糟了！爹地居然建议我去找份工作。我这辈子还没受过这么大的侮辱。我深谋远虑，还在写博客。在生活中编织艺术，好让我的创作结晶喷涌而出才更重要不是吗？哇哦，今天我已经势不可挡了。这次我要说的不只是性病。我已经打破了诗歌和散文之间的界限，把它们有魅力地融为一体了。这倒提醒我了。我得跟你们讲讲我和Niko的约会。我们去了一家脱衣舞俱乐部！我　知　道！他们都说爱情已死！但可以这么说，对我这种有教养、地位高的女孩来说今天真是大开眼界。也是大开双腿。

;0x1834F7D6=Mike says: My name is mike
0x1834F7D6=Mike：我叫Mike

;0x25D5AA70=LiberatedWoman says: You need help
0x25D5AA70=LiberatedWoman：你得去医院看看了

;0x2F5F08A5=Wow. What a night! Talk about a martini fest! Heidi, Paige and I went out on the hunt for investment bankers. I have set myself a deadline of next summer for the wedding and the clock is ticking! We walked straight to the front of the line, as usual. All the doormen in Liberty City know us! A handjob can get you a long way in this town. Within a couple of minutes, Heidi had spotted a table of diamante cufflinks and $1000 brogues in the VIP area and we made our move. At one point, I did my trick with the ping pong ball, the one that I learned on the pageant circuit. I met this wonderful guy called Trent. As he was fingering me at the coat check, I got to thinking... can relationships really work in the 21st century? Or are we just fumbling in the dark? Never compromise who you are, girls.
0x2F5F08A5=哇哦，这一晚过的！给你们讲讲马提尼盛宴吧！Heidi、Paige和我一起出门狩猎投资银行家。我给自己设了个期限，明年夏天一定要结婚，时间已经不多了！一如既往，我们直接走到了队伍的最前面。自由城所有的看门人都认识我们！帮人撸一管能让你在城里省下不少事。没几分钟后，Heidi就在VIP区发现了一桌钻石袖扣、千元粗皮鞋，然后我们行动了。这一次，我用了我的乒乓球把戏，从选美大赛里学来的。我遇见了这个名叫Trent的好人。在衣帽间里，随着他的抚摸，我开始思考...男女关系在21世纪真的还实际吗？还是说我们只是在黑暗中摸索呢？永远不要向你自己妥协，女孩们。

;0x2FF43C2C=HELLLLLOOOOO! This will have to be a quick post. I have a date tonight. Wish me luck!
0x2FF43C2C=亻尔 女 子！这篇写得会比较短。今晚我有个约会。祝我好运！

;0x35184131=When your life is an endless whirlwind of heels, cocktails and rich men, sometimes it is easy to forget that you're a neo-feminist. Getting a man to take you shopping in Paris for the weekend and then never answering his calls. Giving a guy a handjob in exchange for free drinks and coke all night in Maisonette 9. Don't let men control you, girls. Take back the power. Talk loudly about penis size with your girlfriends. We are not shallow whores well past our prime! We are liberated women. We're changing the world one gin-and-tonic at a time.
0x35184131=当你的生活中只有无尽的高跟鞋、鸡尾酒和男富豪的时候，就会偶尔忘记自己是个新女权主义者。找一个男人带你去巴黎购物，然后再也不接他的电话。给一个男人撸一管，就能在9号豪宅换来整夜的免费酒水和白粉。女孩们，别活在臭男人手里。夺回掌控，大声地和你的闺蜜们讨论鸡巴大小吧。我们可不是人老色衰的肤浅娼妓！我们是自由的女性。我们要一次性彻底颠覆这个世界。

;0x37A14E07=Mike says: I have a red catsuit
0x37A14E07=Mike：我有一件红色紧身衣

;0x3FC6B0A8=Nothing is certain in life except death, taxes and MEN DON'T STAND UP ALEX CHILTON!!! Who does that Serbian peasant think he is? If this leaks onto the party circuit, I might never purge another canapé again. If he puts the future of my social life in jeopardy, I'll make sure he never drinks another cocktail in this town again. He should be spending every minute of every day thanking Apollo or whoever it is they worship over there for the opportunity to even breathe the same air as Alex Chilton! Is he out of his fucking mind?
0x3FC6B0A8=生活中没有什么是确定的，除了死亡、税收，还有　抵　挡　不　住　ALEX　CHILTON　的　男　人　们　！！！那个塞尔维亚土包子把自己当谁了？要是他让我以后的社交生活陷入危机，我一定会让他再也没法在这个城市喝到鸡尾酒。能和Alex Chilton呼吸相同的空气，他就该无时无刻不感谢太阳神或者别的什么他老家那边信的神了！他他妈的是疯了吗？

;0x44518114=Toodles!!!!xxxxxx
0x44518114=拜拜啦！！！！xxxxxx

;0x49A0EAAA=Chicas! I can't believe I forgot about this! Why do I always black out when I mix the yellow pills with the blue pills? Anyway, Niko has been arrested! Of all my many experiences with handcuffs, this has got to be the strangest. I've spent the last hour playing the ham banjo at my bedroom window while pretending that my neighbor can't see me. All this danger and suspense is a bit of a turn-on, I can tell you. Can this Mysterious European get any more mysterious? Maybe he's a mafia kingpin with millions of dollars in offshore accounts? Who would play me in the movie? Samantha Muldoon? No, she's WAY too fat.
0x49A0EAAA=姑娘们！我都不敢相信我把这茬忘了！为什么每次我把黄药片和蓝药片混在一起吃以后就会昏过去？总之，Niko被逮捕了！在我的各种跟坐牢有关的经历中，这次一定是最奇怪的。刚才我一直在卧室窗边自摸了一个小时，假装邻居看不见我。这些危机和焦虑有一点让我性奋了，可以这么说。这个神秘欧洲人还能再神秘点吗？说不定他是一个境外账户里有百万美元的黑帮头目呢？拍成电影以后谁来演我呢？Samantha Muldoon？算了，她实在是太月半了。

;0x4BBAE0E9=What a bunch of whores! Flaunting themselves for money and male attention. And I was so much cuter than any of them. I wonder how often Niko goes to these places??? Maybe it's time to give him a blowjob while he's driving? That's the best way to get a man to fall in love with you. And if you suck his balls and put your finger up his ass, you are almost guaranteed a marriage proposal. Is that a little too candid for you, girls? Well, fuck it. This is the 21st century and graphic discussions about sex with your girlfriends over brunch is what defines you as a liberated woman. I'm SO happy with my thighs right now, btw. The definition is nothing short of spectacular. Ciao for now xxx
0x4BBAE0E9=这些妓女真的是！搔首弄姿换取金钱和男人的注意。我比她们中的哪个都要可爱的多。我想知道Niko是不是经常去这种地方？？？也许是时候在他开车的时候给他吹一管了？想让一个男人和你堕入爱河的最好方法也莫过于此了。要是你还能吮吸他的蛋蛋，把手指塞到他屁股里，求婚基本就稳了。这么说是不是有点过于直白了，女孩们？算了，去他妈的。现在是21世纪，早中餐时和闺蜜们大肆聊性才能让你成为自由的女人。顺便说，我现在对我的大腿很满意。想要成为自由女人，外表也是必不可少的。暂时就到这了 xxx

;0x5189542D=Even if you put my personality and intellect aside, I am a perfect 10 for fuck's sake. If there was an 11 out of 10, I'd be an 11. I can get reservations at any restaurant and VIP entry at any club. I blend vintage and modern effortlessly and I'm fairly close to being famous. Fucking country bumpkin. Well, it's his loss. I was even wearing my crotchless panties... or was I? I don't have them now, either way. Who knows? It takes me all my time to remember to get out of bed in the morning. Thank fuck for medication
0x5189542D=即使完全不考虑我的人格和才智，也他妈该给我打上完美的10分。要是10分制能打11分，那我就是11分的那个。我可以随时在任何餐馆订位，进任何俱乐部都是VIP通道。我可以毫不费力地将古典与现代融为一体，我离出名也只有一步之遥了。狗逼乡下土包子。好吧，这是他的损失。我连开裆裤都穿上了...穿了吗！？反正现在不在我这儿了。谁知道呢？早上光是要记得下床就花了我所有的时间了。感谢该死的药物。

;0x52DD2B8D=It doesn't even bear thinking about. I mean, I'm all for a bit of spontaneity and excitement on a date. A blowjob in the elevator. A line of toot off a stripper's clit. A crocodile clip and some candle wax. But not this. Anything but this. I'm terrified! What do I really know about this guy? He could be a murderer or a rapist or anything. Maybe he's a fan whose masturbatory fantasy has morphed into a sadistic obsession? He wouldn't be the first. This is a disaster. My life is in danger and I'm out of tranks. I'm going to call up my personal trainer. I can't sleep alone tonight...
0x52DD2B8D=想想都不能忍。我是说，我总是想在约会时候找点新花样和刺激的。比如在电梯里吹箫，穿脱衣舞女穿的丁字裤，玩鳄鱼嘴夹子还有蜡烛蜡。但不是这种。什么都行就是不能这种。我吓坏了！我真的了解这个人吗？他可能是杀人犯或者强奸犯或者什么什么犯。万一他是喜欢对着性虐待的幻想手淫的人呢？他不会是第一个。这是灾难，我的生活陷入了危机，我的镇定药也用光了。我要打电话找我的私教。今晚我不能一个人睡...

;0x5746D13A=If you learn one thing from me today (and you will probably learn more than one), NEVER leave the house without full makeup, lacy underwear and dusting your landing strip with glitter.
0x5746D13A=今天你们能从我身上学到一点(可能还不止一点)，永　远　不　要　在　没有化整妆、穿蕾丝内裤的时候出门，还得记得把你们的黑森林擦的闪闪发亮。

;0x581E193E=I went to the hippest after-party in Liberty City tonight. Everyone who's anyone in the fashion industry was there. One of Daddy's partners invited me. I think that he wants to make love to me. Actually he already has, according to Heidi, but I was zoned on painkillers and Cherenkov at the time. Hehe! Actually, that reminds me - Daddy needs to clear my credit card balance again. I hooked up with this music producer called Brad.
0x581E193E=今晚我去了自由城最潮的余兴派对。时尚界的大人物都在那儿。我爹地的一个合伙人请我去的，但我觉得他只是想上我。实际上他确实上了，据Heidi说，但我当时又是止痛药又是Cherenkov伏特加的，已经意识恍惚了。嘿嘿！实际上，这倒提醒我了－爹地又该替我的信用卡还款了。这个叫Brad的音乐制作人给我钓上了。

;0x5AF015C4=LiberatedWoman says: Um, is this thing still on?
0x5AF015C4=LiberatedWoman：呃，还是这个话题吗？

;0x6C2A3838=Mike says: I am a school principal
0x6C2A3838=Mike：我是一个校长

;0x6E14FED6=Anyway, it turned out that this guy from craplist was a 70-year-old with a prosthetic leg and breath like dog shit. The old perv had sent me his grandson's photo! But the restaurant was top-notch and I was looking smoking hot in a vintage ballerina skirt, Le Chien chiffon blouse and Enema cowboy boots so I decided to pound the martinis and make the best of it. And guess what?!! He's got more money than a third-world country! Never judge a book by its cover - that's what I always say. As his cracked lips parted and his rancid tongue flicked at the back of my tonsils, I thought to myself... is money enough? Could I fall for a man who wets himself during the appetizer and sleeps through dessert? If he continues to order $700 bottles of wine, then the answer might just be yes. SIGH. When did relationships become so complicated? xxxxxxx
0x6E14FED6=只不过，最后那个craplist上的男的是个70岁的老头子，装了条假腿，喘得跟狗屎一样。这个老淫魔给我发的是他孙子的照片！但餐馆是一流的，我当时那叫一个性感，穿着古典芭蕾舞裙、Le Chien牌的雪纺裤还有Enema牌的牛仔靴，然后我就决定叫几瓶马提尼，尽力而为。你猜怎么着？！！他比一整个第三世界国家还要有钱！永远不要看封面对一本书做判断－我一直在说。随着他张开开裂的嘴唇，用他腐臭的舌头舔我的扁桃体后部，我开始思考了...有钱就够了吗？我真的能倾心于这样一个吃开胃菜的时候打翻饮料、上甜品的时候直接睡着的人吗？如果他接着点$700一瓶的酒，那答案可能就是能了。哎。从什么时候起关系变这么复杂了呢？xxxxxxx

;0x736BF5A7=Sorry that I haven't posted for a while. Missed me?
0x736BF5A7=很抱歉，我有段时间没更新了。想我了吗？

;0x746D0B7E=Newsflash girls!!! I had a casual encounter with a man from craplist tonight! Well, I say casual. As you know, Alex Chilton doesn't do casual! My nightgown probably costs more than your car. You cannot predict when Mr. Right is going to come into your life and some slapdash mascara or a pair of old jeans could be the difference between a million-dollar engagement ring and living out your days as a barren, alcoholic spinster.
0x746D0B7E=新闻快报，女孩们！今晚我和一个craplist上的男的偶遇了！对，说的是偶遇。你们也知道，Alex Chilton从不偶然！我的睡衣可能比你的汽车还贵。没人可以预知你的Mr.Right何时降临，匆忙涂上的睫毛膏和一条破牛仔裤之间就能有百万订婚戒指和醉酒老处女的区别。

;0x7BCA9CB4=I'm wearing skinny jeans, ballet pumps and a low-cut cashmere sweater. SMOKING HOT! So what's new? Paige got a diamond necklace from this guy she's blowing which is 100% fab and gorgeous. Five figures at least. We all screamed and jumped up and down for about 20 minutes while looking around to see if any guys were checking us out.
0x7BCA9CB4=我现在穿着紧身裤、平底鞋和低胸山羊绒毛衣。性　感　到　爆！有什么新鲜的呢？Paige从她口过的那个男人地方得到了一条钻石项链，百分百的惊艳漂亮。至少也得是五位数。我们一边环顾四周看有没有男人在看我们，一边尖叫着上蹿下跳了将近20分钟。

;0x83ABE7A1=I worked on my calves for two hours at the gym today. Calves are sooooo important, girls! Trent hasn't called. Neither has Brad, Cort or Steve. Sometimes I think that I might be better off by myself. Just Valentino and petite little me. I guess that some men can't cope with a successful, intelligent, beautiful woman. I am Alex Chilton, goddamn it! I am the voice for a generation of liberated women. I have a great apartment, amazing shoes and an ass like a cheerleader. Most importantly, though, I have incredible friends. Remember, chicas - no matter how many times men screw you over, your girlfriends will always be there to feed you booze and light your cigarettes. Love and kisses to Heidi and Paige!!!! xxxxx
0x83ABE7A1=今天我在健身房练了两小时的小腿。小腿可太太太太太重要了，女孩们！Trent还没打给我，Brad、Cort和Steve也没打给我。有时候我会觉得我一个人过可能会更好，只有Valentino和娇小的我。我猜有的男人满足不了我这样成功智慧而美丽的女性。我就是Alex Chilton，去他妈的！我就是自由一代女性的发声人。我有一套好公寓、各种高端鞋，还有一个翘过拉拉队队长的屁股。更重要的是，不过，我的朋友超多。记住，姑娘们－无论男人背弃了你们多少次，你的闺蜜都会陪着你，替你灌酒点烟。给我的Heidi和Paige亲亲和爱爱！！！！ xxxxx

;0x85BA1A43=Valentino went toilet before in his Didier Sachs carrying pouch - so gross! It's amazing how much can come out of such a tiny chihuahua! Heidi tells me that the vet can do an operation to make the bowel smaller. Note to self: sort out Valentino's disgusting poop problem.
0x85BA1A43=Valentino之前在装他的Didier Sachs手提包里排便－太恶心了！这么小一只吉娃娃居然能拉这么多！Heidi跟我说兽医可以给它做缩肠手术。给自己的备忘：解决Valentino恼人的放屁问题。

;0x8EDEFDAD=Mike says: Kinky shit
0x8EDEFDAD=Mike：性变态吧

;0x95B8E683=I'm just not meeting enough guys on the party circuit so I've decided to post another ad on craplist. A liberated woman doesn't sit back and wait for Mr. Right to come to her! Right, girls? You have to take control, put yourself out there, meet strange men in swanky bars, giggle, play with your hair and then sleep with them on the first night. Toodles. Alexxxxxx
0x95B8E683=光是定期聚会的那些男人已经不够用了，所以我决定在craplist上再发一篇交友贴。自由的女人可不会傻傻坐着，等着Mr.Right自己找上门！对吧女孩们？你一定要自己把握，让自己出门，去豪华的酒吧认识陌生的男人，嬉笑、拨弄头发、刚遇到就睡他一晚。拜拜啦。Alexxxxxx

;0x986655EB=This is what happens when you ski off-piste. Heidi warned me about breaking with the program. I should stick to screwing married businessmen in expensive hotel suites and musing about what it means to be a modern woman. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. Anyway, let's hope my Mysterious European has a VERY good excuse for his no-show. There are plenty more fish in the sea and most of them are swimming in my direction. Sweet dreams! Alex xxxx
0x986655EB=这就是你偏离路线的后果。Heidi虽然警告了我这样会打乱计划。我还是该坚持在酒店的高端套房里搞已婚商人，然后沉思作为现代女人具有什么意义。如果计划没被打乱，那就无需修复。总之，希望我的神秘欧洲人能给自己不来和我约会找个　好　一　点　的理由。海里的鱼可是多了去了，还基本都往我这儿游。做个好梦！Alex xxxx

;0xA090210F=LiberatedWoman says: uh
0xA090210F=LiberatedWoman：呃

;0xA1D34978=I'll be honest with you. I should have posted this earlier but I was too embarrassed. Why do men always have to ruin everything?!!!! I had it all planned. I was going to take Niko back to my place and crawl across the floor with my butt in the air. Slow and seductive. Like a panther but with a perfect C cup and $1000 heels. One of my signature moves. Then, he goes and gets arrested! Oh, the shame of it! What if somebody saw me?!!
0xA1D34978=我跟你们坦白吧，我早就该把这事发上来了，但我当时太窘迫了。为什么男人总是会把一切都毁掉？！！！！我本来都计划好了，我要带Niko回我家，然后慢慢的却很妖娆的屁股朝天爬过地板。就像一只有着完美C罩杯和千元高跟鞋的美洲豹。这是我的招牌动作。然后，他居然被逮捕了！噢，太丢人了！万一有人看见我了怎么办？！！

;0xA2066DEE=Alex xxxxx
0xA2066DEE=Alex xxxxx

;0xA2170B8C=Mike says: That's hot
0xA2170B8C=Mike：太性感了

;0xA2892D3E=I think the only way I'm going to be able to get through this is to drink wine with Heidi and Paige and quip sardonically about the complexity of modern relationships. Then black out and have sex with a random stranger. Sometimes you don't know what you had until it's gone. Sometimes you don't know where you are for a couple of days. Sometimes you don't remember writing your blog. Nobody said it was easy being a party girl. Alex xxx
0xA2892D3E=我想唯一能帮我度过痛苦的就是找Heidi和Paige出去喝酒，一起嘲讽下现代男女关系之复杂。然后昏迷过去随便找个陌生人性交。有时候不到失去的时候都不会知道自己拥有过什么。有时候你会一连几天都不知道自己在哪儿。有时候会忘记写博客。没人说过做一个交际花是容易的。Alex xxx

;0xA9717801=Well, at least one of us is getting showered with expensive gifts. The only thing that I've been showered with recently is the urine of that pervy fitness instructor. Niko didn't even show up for our date today. There must have been some kind of terrible misunderstanding or accident.
0xA9717801=好吧，至少我们中的一个收到了昂贵的礼物。最近我收到的唯一一件东西就是那个变态健身教练的尿。Niko今天甚至都没来赴约。肯定是出了什么严重的误会或者意外。

;0xB2B12CD0=Bonjour!
0xB2B12CD0=Bonjour!

;0xB35CC6A8=Mike says: U dum ho
0xB35CC6A8=Mike：你sb吧。

;0xB54752BA=Ok, it's time to come clean. I was trying to protect you but there's no point in hiding this any longer. I think that Niko might be dead! It's such a blur and I still don't really know what happened. Coherent recollection is near impossible on these new meds. He's in the hospital now, fighting for his life. Fighting for love.
0xB54752BA=好吧，该说明白了。之前我是想保护你，但是没有必要再遮遮掩掩的了。我觉得Niko死了也说不定！这事太不清楚了，我现在都不知道到底怎么了。嗑过这些新品种的药以后几乎不可能有连贯的记忆。现在他在医院里，挣扎苟活，为爱挣扎。

;0xB5F0E451=I'm spring cleaning today in my booty shorts, just because I can. My neighbor came round earlier to borrow some milk and was checking me out so badly. I am sure that all I had to do was touch him and we would have been fucking on the carpet. I think that he's in love with me. His name is John and he's an architect. I invited him over for a glass of wine tonight. One glass... yeah right! I know that I'll probably get shloshed and seduce him. i might wear my tennis outfit and do some coke to make my face flushed. I've never played but the little skirts drive guys wild. My thighs are so taut right now.
0xB5F0E451=今天我穿着热裤在春季大扫除，纯粹因为我可以。早些时候我的邻居来借过一次牛奶，仔仔细细地看了我一通。我敢肯定只要我摸他一下，我们就会在地毯上开操了。我想他已经与我坠入爱河了。他叫John，是个建筑师。我请他今晚过来喝杯葡萄酒。一杯...对了就这个！我知道我会喝个大醉然后勾引他。我可能还会穿上我的网球服，吸一点粉好让我面色红润。我从没打过网球，但是小短裙肯定会让男人燥热。我的大腿现在可紧致得很。

;0xB737D770=Sweet dreams!!!!xxx
0xB737D770=做个好梦！！！！xxx

;0xB87F970F=I was thinking earlier that my life is like a Vinewood blockbuster where I'm the star and the blogosphere is one big movie theater full of low income women sharing bargain soda&popcorn combos and dreaming of being me. Now that's what I call a metaphor! I really have been taking my prose to a different level in the past couple of weeks. If only my English teacher could see me now! By the way, thanks for that A+, Mr. Hopkins, but a word of advice - it wouldn't kill you to wash your balls once in a while. It smelt like week-old roadkill down there!
0xB87F970F=之前我就在想，我的生活像是一部好麦坞大片，片里的我是大明星，片外的博客圈是个大影院，里面全是低收入女性，吃着降价促销的汽水+爆米花套餐，幻想成为我。我管这个叫做隐喻！这几周我的文笔已经达到了新的境界。要是我的英语老师能知道就好了！顺带一提，感谢你打的A+，Hopkins老师，但是我有一个建议－偶尔把你的蛋洗一下又不会死。那里闻起来跟死路上的动物一样！

;0xBD9CC297=LiberatedWoman says: I am on fire
0xBD9CC297=LiberatedWoman：我现在欲火焚身

;0xBDF24352=Can you believe some of the lines I get from guys on Instant message?
0xBDF24352=这是我在聊天软件上钓男人时候的聊天记录，你敢信？

;0xC0F114A7=We watched some hilarious stand-up by this English guy called Ricky Gervais. He was SO checking me out during his performance. They're not used to girls like me in England. Have you ever seen their soap operas?!! Lots of miserable hags sitting around in smoky pubs moaning about their lives. I've often thought that I could be a comedian. Lots of people tell me that I'm the funniest person they know. I certainly think so. Axxxxx
0xC0F114A7=我们看了一个叫Ricky Gervais的英国人讲的脱口秀。他在表演的时候好好打量了我一番。他们英国那边不是很习惯我这样的女孩。你有看过他们的肥皂剧吗？！！一群可怜的丑八怪坐在烟雾缭绕的酒馆里面抱怨他们的生活。我经常在想我可以去演喜剧。很多人都说我是他们认识的最有趣的人。我想也是。Axxxxx

;0xC3B55BA1=Hola chicas! Guess what! I went out for dinner with Cort tonight. The restaurant was muy trendy and full of the coolest people. I looked smoking in my black Derriere dress and knee-boots. I put some gloss on my cleavage (hot tip, girls!) so that my puppies would glisten in the candle light. I don't know what they put in lobster but it makes me so horny. Maybe it's just because it's so expensive... I made him come with my foot under the table... it was sooooo romantic. I think that he might be the one. Our waitress was a little on the chubby side and looked so out of place, poor thing. I saw the envy in her eyes as she ran her eyes over my rock-hard body and it got me thinking how many girls must long to BE ME. It is easy to forget sometimes how interesting my life must be to all my readers. I promise to post more often. Toodles for now.
0xC3B55BA1=你们好啊，姑娘们！你猜怎么着！今晚我和Cort一起去吃晚餐了。那个餐馆hin高端，满是最酷的人。我穿着Derriere牌黑色长裙和长筒靴在抽烟。我在乳沟上涂了点唇彩(新技巧，女孩们！)这样我的奶奶就会在烛光下发亮了。不知道他们为什么要放只龙虾进来，但这搞得我很性奋。可能单纯是因为它贵吧...我用玉足在桌下给他来了一发...实在是太太太浪漫了。我想他也许就是那个人。我们的服务员是一个该丰满的地方没肉的女孩，和环境格格不入，可怜的家伙。我在她的眼里能看出嫉妒，因为她在我壮实的身上打量了一番，也让我想到一定有很多女孩　渴　望　成　为　我。有时候很容易忘记我的生活对我的各位读者来说有多有趣。我保证以后会多更新的。这次就拜拜啦。

;0xC522EA34=Mike says: I want to paddle you
0xC522EA34=Mike：我想鞭笞你

;0xC65CF5BA=It turns out he knows Trent and that my ping pong ball trick is the talk of the racket club! How funny!! I ended up going back to his place in Suffolk with another guy called Steve. Tres stylish loft. They both took turns and then called me a taxi. I felt like a princess. On the way home, I started to think about the person I am and the person I want to be. Does love really matter or is a three-way enough?
0xC65CF5BA=结果他认识Trent，然后我的乒乓球把戏成了球类俱乐部的话题！！太滑稽了！！后来我和他还有另一个叫Steve的男人一起去了他在Suffolk的家。很雅致的阁楼公寓。他们俩轮流来了一次，还管我叫出租车。我感觉自己就像个公主。在回家的路上，我开始思考我的现状和我的理想状态。爱情真的有必要吗？还是说有3P就够了？

;0xC87A0CD4=Take a deep breath. I've got some bad news, girls. I can't keep pretending it never happened. I should have told you before, I know, but Niko is in the hospital! Que horror! I've haven't had a guy die on me since that judge in the honeymoon suite at Opium Nights. A 68-year-old man, a gram of special K and my tight little ass was always going to be a recipe for disaster. That reminds me; I've got to make sure the kid never manages to track me down through his adoptive parents.
0xC87A0CD4=深呼吸，女孩们，我有一些坏消息。我不能装作无事发生过。我早该告诉你们了，我知道，但Niko现在在医院里！太糟了！自从上次那个法官在Opium Nights酒店的蜜月套房里死我身上以后，我就没弄死过人。一个68岁的老人，一克特殊的K粉，再加上我紧致的小屁股，向来都是一副灾难的配方。这倒提醒我了，我得确保他的孩子不会通过养父母来找我麻烦。

;0xC9217109=Retarded!
0xC9217109=弱智吧！

;0xCB1158AE=Apparently, he's huge at the moment (career-wise, anyway). Money and fame get me dripping faster than some lube and an electric toothbrush. I might go back there tomorrow in a little black dress and some strappy sandals. Anyway, must dash - my personal trainer arrives in half an hour and I need to glitter up my landing strip. He's hung like a racehorse that guy! I'm looking forward to a punishing workout. Not that I'll remember any of it... I just necked a fifth of bourbon and half a bottle of Silencers. Toodles!!!!!!!
0xCB1158AE=显然，现在他很火(事业上的)。金钱和名誉让我湿的比用润滑液和电动牙刷的时候还快。明天我可能会穿一条小黑裙和一双凉鞋过去。总之，该冲刺了－我的私教半小时内就会到，而且我还得把我的黑森林擦亮。他的屌垂下来跟匹赛马一样！我在期待一次锻炼惩罚。不是那种让我一点印象都没有的那种...我刚吹了瓶威士忌，还掺了半瓶镇定药。拜拜啦！！！！！！！

;0xCB235912=Wow I look good today. My skin has an amazing glow to it. The doorman was SO checking me out again as I left the apartment building. It must be awful to be ugly and poor. It took me about 5 hours to put together my outfit this morning. Getting the right combination of vintage and couture can be a real challenge and that mystery red pill I found in the bathroom cabinet didn't seem to speed up the process.
0xCB235912=哇哦，今天我看上去很好。我的皮肤极富光泽。离开公寓楼的时候我的看门人好好打量了我一番。又丑又穷一定很糟糕吧。今早我花了5小时才把我的外套拼了起来。想让古典与时尚有机结合在一起是很难的，我在浴室橱柜里找到的红药片似乎没能帮我提速。

;0xCCF902F6=DARLINGS!!!
0xCCF902F6=亲　爱　的　！ ！ ！

;0xCF856668=Mike says: Really?
0xCF856668=Mike says: 真的？

;0xD2426710=Hola! Guess where your favorite party girl ended up today? At a comedy club! How deliciously tacky and low-end is that? It was Niko's idea and I was too jacked up on painkillers to argue. I thought that I was going to hate it but it turned out to be good fun. Katt Williams did this brilliant stand-up routine - like me, he seems to be tapped into the zeitgeist of popular culture, albeit in a different social echelon.
0xD2426710=各位！猜猜你们最爱的交际花今天去哪儿啦？喜剧俱乐部！这得有多低端俗气？这都是Niko的主意，当时我吃了太多止痛片无力反驳。本来我以为自己不会喜欢这个的，不过实际上还挺有趣的。Katt Williams实现了这些卓越的脱口秀段子－像我一样，他似乎也对流行文化有深入研究，不过我们的阶层不同。

;0xD3860D4E=Talk about a HANGOVER!!! Paige invited me to this hot new bar on Middle Park East last night. No point in moping around at home, right girls?! A few bottles of champagne and a mountain of powder later and Heidi's wearing her ankles for earrings and my face is buried in some tres fine Egyptian cotton pillows. They were both lawyers. Watch this space!
0xD3860D4E=讲一次　宿　醉　经　历　吧！！！Paige昨晚邀请我去了这家在Middle Park East新开的酒吧。当然没必要在家里拖地了，对吧女孩们？！来了几瓶香槟，再吸上一坨白粉，Heidi在脚踝上戴了条链子，我的脸埋在上好的埃及棉枕头里。他俩都是律师。后续可待！

;0xD6408C6F=Mike says: Have a cam?
0xD6408C6F=Mike：能视频吗？

;0xDB328DCF=Off the top of my head, I can't actually think of anyone who ticks all the boxes like me. I'd have to play myself, I think. And direct. I've often thought that I could be a film-maker. I find that I am able to visualize a lot. I see something happen in a shop or a nightclub and I think to myself - wow, Alex, I can totally imagine recording that on a camera and playing it back on a screen. Can you see my perfectly-shaped calves sashaying up the red carpet at the Oscars? Of course you can. What a week! How incredibly wild is my life in comparison with yours?!!!!
0xDB328DCF=想都不用想，根本想不出有谁比我更能满足所有要求。我想只能我演我自己了，还得是自导自演。我经常在想我能去拍电影。我发现我可以让很多东西视觉化。我在商店或者夜店里看见什么事以后，我就开始想－哇哦，Alex，我完全可以想象到如何用镜头记录，然后再到银幕上回放。你们能不能看见我线条完美的小腿在奥斯卡红毯上大步流星？当然能想到。这周真是！我的生活和你们相比到底有多狂野？！！！！

;0xDD5EFD89=Speaking of mystery, Niko hasn't been returning any of my calls, which is strange. Why are men so intimidated by brains and beauty? I'm only compatible with alpha males of obscene wealth and I'm starting to worry that Niko might be a beta male of disgustingly-moderate means. And do you want to hear something really funny? Paige reckons she saw Niko driving a cab! Er, whatever babe! Considering she vomits on an hourly basis and hasn't been sober since the late 80s, I find it best to take all her observations with a large pinch of salt. And a large pinch of snow.
0xDD5EFD89=说起神秘，Niko已经很久没接我电话了，很奇怪。为什么男人都会被美丽知性的人吓跑呢？我只能和家财万贯的一流男性在一起，现在我开始担心Niko可能是那种抠得不行的三等男性了。你们想知道些有趣的东西吗？Paige说她肯定看见过Niko开出租车！呃，算了吧宝贝！考虑到她每小时都会呕吐、从80年代就没清醒过，我觉得她说的话最好还是不要全信，甚至是完全不信。

;0xDE0E9AE3=Are there no single men left in Liberty City? Another night without a date! Que horror! I've decided that I'm going to stay in and give Valentino a rose bath and then practice that cute little smile that I do when I wrinkle my nose.
0xDE0E9AE3=自由城是没有单身男人了吗？又一个没约到男人的晚上！太糟糕了！我决定了，今晚我就呆在家里，给Valentino洗个玫瑰浴，然后再练习下那个每次做都会让鼻子起褶子的动人微笑。

;0xE09B1838=You combine model looks with intellectual depth and what do you have? A woman with a duty to share herself with the world. Sometimes I just sit there and think, like a college professor or something. I stare at nothing, full of vague recollections and flickering images. Big news, btw! My fling with the Mysterious European is officially flung. I mean, let's not beat around the bush - a guy like him and a girl like me were never going to last. My tampons are custom-made, for fuck sake! My lunch bill probably costs more than his rent. My girlie laugh and collection of strappy shoes are envied by women the world over.
0xE09B1838=将一个超模的外表和知性的内在结合会得到什么？得到一个责任是将自己分享给世界的女性。有时我会坐着思考，就像大学教授之类的。我盯着虚无，眼前全是模糊的回忆和隐约的图像。大新闻，顺便！我和那个神秘欧洲人的风流生活现在官宣结束了。我是说，再不兜圈子了，像他那样的男人和像我这样的女孩根本不可能长久。我的卫生棉都是定制的，方便开操！我一顿午饭的价钱可能比他的房租还贵。我少女的大笑和收藏的凉鞋能让全世界的女人嫉妒。

;0xE4E9A620=Toodles xxxx
0xE4E9A620=拜拜啦 xxxx

;0xE7FA2FE2=LiberatedWoman says: Are you retarded?
0xE7FA2FE2=LiberatedWoman：你弱智吗？

;0xE97A9A62=LiberatedWoman says: kay> big deal
0xE97A9A62=LiberatedWoman：行吧，无所谓

;0xECFC38BE=Toodle Pip xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
0xECFC38BE=拜拜啦您 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

;0xEECFF064=Girls! My Mysterious European took me out to a comedy club today. I was all geared up for a night of champagne and violent sex in the back of a limo but you can't expect every date to be perfect. Did I tell you that I have mastered the art of purging and snorting coke at the same time, btw? I am in and out of the restroom in less than 10 seconds these days.
0xEECFF064=女孩们！今天我的神秘欧洲人带我去了一家喜剧俱乐部。我都准备好在一辆超长专车后面痛饮香槟然后猛烈抽插了，但也不能指望每次约会都如此完美。顺便，我有跟你们讲过我现在精通了同时吸入呼出白粉的技艺了吗？这几天我进出厕所一次都用不上10秒。

;0xEED934B4=It was fun while it lasted but he was so beneath me, it's unreal. And he had the nerve to call me unstable. No, it's auf wiedersehen to you, Mr. Bellitch. I'm didn't get to the top of every VIP list by dating men who order from the first page of the wine list. You win some, you lose some. There's always another married investment banker waiting in the wings to screw a girl like me during his lunchhour. I'm just glad that the endless glitz and glamour that is my life, brings some meaning to yours. Snaring a husband in Algonquin is my number 1 priority. No more drunken encounters with random men off craplist. From now on, my panties are staying up until I see evidence of a second home and a black High Life card. Oh, who am I trying to kid?! Sexual promiscuity defines me as a strong, independent woman.
0xEED934B4=在一起的时候确实很有趣，但他跟我差太多了，太不现实了。而且他居然还有胆子说我反复无常。不，现在该是你撒由那拉了，Bellitch先生。约这种点酒只会点第一页的男人可没办法让我登上各种店的VIP榜单首位。有得有失嘛。总会有别的已婚投资银行家想在他的午饭时间搞上一个我这样的女孩的。我很高兴我满是华贵和美丽的人生能给你们带来一些生活意义。在Algonquin钓一个老公是我的最高优先级。不会再有什么喝醉以后撞上的craplist野男人了。从现在起，我的裤带要系牢了，没看到第二套房和上流黑卡的苗头就不松开。噢，我是想骗谁呢？！就是乱搞性关系才能体现我是一个强大且独立的女人。

;0xF639E853=I'll get Daddy on the case. It seems like so long ago now. So does this morning, though. When you start your day with a handful of Silencers, by lunch your breakfast feels like it happened some time last year. Not that I eat breakfast or lunch but you know what I mean. Anyway, my Mysterious European is on his deathbed! The doctors are doing all they can but I'm not sure he's going to make it. Talk about a disaster date. I'm going to run myself a bubblebath and try to forget about the bloodbath. If I could feel anything, I'm sure that I would be devastated. Nitey night! xxxxx
0xF639E853=这事我会让爹地来处理的。现在感觉像是很久以前发生的了。尽管今早也是如此。早上一起来就吃了一把镇静剂的话，还没吃午餐你就会感觉早餐像是去年吃的。重点不是我吃了早餐还是午餐，不过我想你们懂我意思的。总之，我的神秘欧洲人现在已经在灵床上了！医生们已经尽力而为了，但我没把握他能活下来。真的是灾难般的约会。我要给自己洗个泡泡浴，好忘了那片血海。要是我还有感觉的话，我肯定会彻底崩溃的。各位晚安！xxxxx

;0xFAC45576=Mike says: No
0xFAC45576=Mike：不

;0xFBBA3EE1=Mike says: What R U wearing?
0xFBBA3EE1=Mike：你现在穿着什么？

