[LIBTR18]
;0x0A7CE151=Night Club impresario, Tony Prince, the man behind fabled night spots of yesteryear such as Peacock, Platonic Fury, Cox, and currently owner of Hercules, spoke out yesterday against the LCPD and their overzealous policing of night clubs: "The idea that somehow clubs lead to social decline is simply not true. Liberty City should be the world leader in nocturnal entertainment, and it no longer is, because the police keep stopping us from doing any business. First it was underage drinking, then it was drugs, then dancing licenses; now it's smoking, sex, poor music, too many ice cubes in the drinks - you name it, they try to regulate it.
0x0A7CE151=夜总会经理Tony Prince昨日公开反对LCPD及其对夜总会过于热心的监管:「认为夜总会会导致社会衰落的观点根本不正确。Liberty City应该是世界夜间娱乐的领导者，但现在已经不是了，因为警察一直阻止我们做任何事情。首先是未成年人喝酒，然后是吸毒，然后是跳舞执照；现在是吸烟，性，糟糕的音乐，饮料里有太多的冰块——你们是这么称呼的，他们试图控制它。

;0x263E8BC5=Feared criminal does a deal to turn in mob bosses
0x263E8BC5=畏惧的罪犯供出黑帮老大

;0x3AD1AD88=Tony Prince Asks For Night-Time Leniency
0x3AD1AD88=Tony Prince要求放开夜生活

;0x490F4759=Making a meal of justice?
0x490F4759=做一顿正义大餐？

;0x4C7F6074=Vito "Dog Meat" Menotti stood in front of a judge at the Civic Citadel today in order to give evidence against his fellow mobsters. Menotti, having admitted to a series of murders here in Liberty City in the early 90s, has accepted a plea deal from the DA. This will allow him to gain a new identity in the witness relocation program in some horrible town in a desert state, providing his testimony leads to the conviction of his criminal cohorts. Mr. Menotti, a long-time senior-ranking member of Pavano crime family, gained his moniker from his ownership of a dog food processing plant. Menotti now admits that this gruesome plant was a good means of laundering money and disposing of the unfortunate victims of his mob hits.
0x4C7F6074=今天，Vito "Dog Meat" Menotti站在Civic Citadel的一名法官面前，为他的同伙提供证据。Menotti承认了90年代初在自由城发生的一系列谋杀案，并接受了地方检察官的认罪协议。这将使他获得一个新的身份，在一沙漠州的某城镇接受证人再安置计划，他提供的证词致使他的同伙被定罪。Menotti是Pavano犯罪家族的资深成员，他的绰号来自于他拥有的一家狗粮加工厂。Menotti现在承认，这个可怕的工厂是一种很好的洗钱方式，也能方便处理被他的手下袭击的不幸受害者。

;0x57B7A5D3=Dog Meat Has His Day in Court
0x57B7A5D3=Dog Meat在法庭上走运了

;0x91C69B2D=Tony J Smith
0x91C69B2D=Tony J Smith

;0x96B574DF=Menotti is just one of a number of mobsters who have recently turned on their fellow criminals in exchange for lenient sentencing. While some applaud the efforts of the FIB, others think that the convictions are futile. Ex-Secretary of Security Enforcement, Bobby Jefferson, had this to say, "There's always going to be organized crime. The mob in Liberty City is being weakened, but it's just opening up room for new gangsters coming to town. The Alderney-based mobsters are trying to take control of Liberty City rackets and gangsters are coming in from Eastern Europe. These guys are even worse than the likes of Vito Dog Meat. There's a lot of money in Liberty City and officials willing to be bought off, so there'll always be crooks here trying to take advantage of the situation. It's unfortunately the dark side of human nature."
0x96B574DF=Menotti只是众多暴徒中的一员，他们最近为了获得宽大的判决而出卖了自己的同伙。尽管一些人对FIB的努力表示赞赏，但另一些人认为，这些定罪是徒劳的。前安全执行部长Bobby Jefferson曾说过，「总会有有组织犯罪。」自由城的暴徒正在被削弱，但这只是为新的匪徒进入城市打开了空间。总部位于Alderney的犯罪团伙正试图控制自由城的敲诈勒索行为，而东欧的犯罪团伙也开始猖獗起来。这些家伙甚至比Vito Dog Meat还要糟糕。自由城很富饶，官员们都愿意被收买，所以这里总有一些坏蛋想利用这个机会。不幸的是，这就是人性的阴暗面。」

;0xAEFBB644=Club owner bemoans loss of LC Nightlife
0xAEFBB644=俱乐部老板哀叹LC夜生活的缺失

;0xDEAF1946=Tony J Smith
0xDEAF1946=Tony J Smith

;0xE02E8CB5=This city used to be great - there was a time when people could party themselves half to death any night of the week and tourists actually wanted to visit Liberty City so they could OD in the capital of the world. Now, thanks to the thought police, people would rather go somewhere it is not illegal to have fun. They are trying to turn this place into a suburb. I cannot stand it." Mr. Prince, known in nightlife circles as "Gay Tony" once spent three months in prison for tax evasion and has been to rehab 6 times. He has consistently denied links to organized crime in his clubs, or that he socializes with known mobsters.
0xE02E8CB5=这个城市曾经很棒——曾经有一段时间，人们可以在一周中的任何一个晚上狂欢到半死，游客们都想去自由城，这样他们就可以在世界中心吸食过量。现在，多亏了替我们着想的警察，人们宁愿去不违法的地方玩。他们正试图把这个地方变成郊区。我受不了。」Prince在夜生活圈子里被称为Gay Tony，他曾因逃税入狱三个月，目前已六次接受康复治疗。他一直否认自己的俱乐部与有组织犯罪有关联，也否认自己与知名黑帮有联系。

