[PUBLB42]
;0x35ECFB07=S Fiona Scott
0x35ECFB07=S Fiona Scott

;0x50524EB0=Stitched Up
0x50524EB0=陷害

;0xC6829E33=For too long, Pete Vasshole has been lining his pockets with the blood of desperate people in desolate places. Typical man. Vassal's latest PR stunt is nothing more than a slap in the face to oppressed, abused, persecuted and underprivileged people everywhere. We need make a stand against the Evil Eris Empire and all the gun-touting redneck xenophobes who follow it. As we lace up our shiny new pair of sneakers, it is all too easy to forget that a child on the other side of the globe is getting whipped in an underground dungeon. Be the bigger person. Boycott Eris.
0xC6829E33=长久以来，Pete Vassal这个混蛋一直在荒凉之地压榨绝望的人们，用他们的血填满了自己的口袋。恶人啊。Vassak最近的公关伎俩不过是对被压迫、被虐待、被迫害的弱势群体的一记耳光。我们要起来反抗邪恶的Eris帝国，反抗追随邪恶帝国的持枪红脖子排外者。在我们给光鲜亮丽的新球鞋系上鞋带时，不要忘记地球另一端还有被关在地牢中鞭笞的孩子。对世界负责。抵制Eris公司。

;0xD09E773B=Eris tries to sidestep the issue of sweatshops
0xD09E773B=Eris试图回避关于血汗工厂的问题

;0xD412394E=In yet another attempt to deflect attention from their shocking labor practices in Africa and South-East Asia, Eris has released a pathetic message on its website from fat-cat founder Pete Vassal that discusses how products are sold "at a 10,000% markup" and how "children require less sleep and women are better at multi-tasking." No doubt all the right-wing, white-trash hillbillies who read Weazel News will lap up this capitalist propaganda. Eris is the embodiment of everything that is wrong with American greed and the relentless march towards globalization. You have all seen the photos of the children with their body parts glued together. Eris forces local communities into slave labor and then kills all the babies and women of child-bearing age when they become too expensive or organized.
0xD412394E=为了将舆论的关注点从他们非洲和东南亚工厂的不道德劳动条款上移开，Eris公司在其网站上发布了一则该公司富得流油的创始人Pete Vassal的可悲言论，其中提到如何将产品卖出「百倍利润」，和「童工需要的睡眠时间更短，女性更擅长一心多用。」难怪那些看Weazel新闻的底层右翼乡巴佬白人会欣然接受这种资本家的宣传。Eris公司就是美式贪婪与大步流星的全球化的化身。你们也都见过用胶水粘上四肢的孩子的照片了。Eris公司奴役当地居民，一旦当地婴儿和育龄妇女的雇佣成本过高或成立了工会，他们就会被Eris公司屠杀殆尽。
