[PUBLB4] 
;0x2E647C4B=He's mad as hell, and he's not going to take it anymore! 
0x2E647C4B=他气炸了，再也不能忍了！

;0x5E5654B0=Goldberg Sets His Sights on LCPD Corruption 
0x5E5654B0=Goldberg将目光投向LCPD的腐败问题

;0x64B31A4E=When that case happens, we are sure that Mr. Tom Goldberg will be the one presenting it to a judge. In the meantime, he has got the LCPD in his sights. Residents of Liberty City and the rest of the United States are lucky to have a man like him out there. 
0x64B31A4E=我们相信到时候Tom Goldberg先生必会将之呈上法庭。与此同时，他已经盯上了LCPD。 他这般正义的人的存在，是自由城公民和其他美国公民的福气。

;0x6E9F2E3A=Now, he's turning his attention to political corruption. He is investigating top brass in the LCPD with a view to rooting out all that is wrong with that sinister conservative institution. We asked Mr. Goldberg what he thought was the next step for him after the city government has taken notice of his complaints, "Well, it's a big job I've got at hand. The LCPD has been corrupt for years and there are a lot of people in it who need to pay for their actions. 
0x6E9F2E3A=现在，他将他的关注转移到了政治腐败上。他正在调查LCPD的高官，试图将这一罪恶的保守机关的弊病连根拔起。在市政府注意到他的控告后，我们询问了Goldberg先生对下一步的想法，「我手头的事是件大事。LCPD已腐败多年，其内部有许多人需要为自己的行为付出代价。
 
;0x7D48CB8D=But, when they have, I'm thinking green lawsuits are the next big thing. If you can sue a tobacco company for giving you lung cancer, why can't you sue an oil company for putting a hole in the ozone layer and giving you skin cancer? Or a car company for polluting the environment and screwing up your lungs. A professional skier would have good cause to sue someone for causing global warming and stopping it snowing. These cases are the future." The potential for a class action suit involving loss of income and medical complaints due to global warming could be huge. 
0x7D48CB8D=不过在此之后，我觉得该侧重于环保方面的诉讼了。既然可以起诉烟草公司害你得肺癌，为什么不能起诉石油公司让臭氧层漏了，害你得皮肤癌呢？还可以起诉汽车公司破坏环境，害你生了肺病。职业滑雪运动员完全可以控告某人造成全球变暖，使得降雪减少。以后主要是这方面。」因全球变暖导致的收入损失或健康损害类案件还有很多可以深挖。

;0x98D582A6=Corrupt CEOs, politicians and police officers don't like the name Tom Goldberg. "If you are doing difficult and important work, then you can't expect everyone to like you. Kids hate going to the dentist but, you know, where would they be without him? Their teeth would be rotten. I'm like that with the city. I try to get rid of the decay." Mr. Goldberg made his name by launching class action suits against Betta Pharmaceuticals and other companies floated on the BAWSAQ 100. 
0x98D582A6=腐败的CEO、政客和警察都不喜欢Tom Goldberg这个名字。「如果你的工作困难而重要，就不能指望每个人都喜欢你。孩子们不喜欢去看牙医，但是，没了他们真不行啊，牙齿会烂掉的。我之于本市就是这样。我在尝试除掉腐败。」对贝塔制药等上市公司发起的团体诉讼让Goldberg先生一炮成名。

;0xD22711AD=Candice Johnson 
0xD22711AD=Candice Johnson 

