[WEAZL4]
;0x2AF819B6=Why do attempts to bring this kind of class and distinction to American soil always grind to a halt? Who are these local groups insistent upon whingeing about big business and necessary developments? Is this a secular progressive conspiracy to stop bringing money into Liberty City from overseas? Would these leftist loons rather the deservedly wealthy residents of Liberty City gave their money to war-dodging Frenchmen in Paris than Yusuf Amir here in Liberty City?
0x2AF819B6=为什么这种将阶级隔离带入美国土地的尝试总会慢慢消沉？这些整天抱怨大型私企跟必要建设的本地组织到底是什么来头？这是不是世俗改革派*妄图阻止海外资金流入自由城的阴谋？这些左派蠢人是不是宁可把富有的自由城居民的钱交给高举双手的法国人，也不愿意交给自由城本地的Yusuf Amir？<br/>世俗改革派：对自由派的蔑称。

;0x3DE7BF95=Yusuf Amir, the renowned property developer, has run into issues when attempting to build a luxury condo tower in Liberty City. Aside from teething problems with union representatives, local groups are complaining that this development will ruin the skyline in Castle Gardens. Yusuf is a personal friend of this reporter and his name is synonymous with opulence and luxury throughout the world. His most notable achievement was the construction of the Hanging Gardens of Amir - an apartment complex suspended from balloons over the Persian Gulf.
0x3DE7BF95=知名地产商Yusuf Amir在自由城建造豪华住宅楼的计划受阻。除了先前与工会代表之间的矛盾，本地组织也投诉称建造高楼会破坏Castle Gardens区的天际线。Yusuf的名字响彻世界，可以跟荣华富贵画上等号，本文记者也与他是私交。他最出名的成就是建成了「Amir的空中花园」——依靠气球吊在波斯湾上空的公寓楼。

;0x5009D7BA=Property developer Yusuf Amir has run into trouble with new enterprise
0x5009D7BA=地产商Yusuf Amir的新事业受阻

;0x58AE7522=There is a market for luxury living. People work hard on the stock market in the Exchange in order to come home and hear the sound of flowing champagne in a golden fountain on their living room floor. They want to be waited on by Yusuf Amir's team of chefs, butlers, Reiki practitioners, friends for hire and plastic surgeons because their busy schedules do not allow them to go out and find these services for themselves. Amir's development represents everything that the successful entrepreneur deserves after a hard day at the office. Investing in this property is an investment in the American economy. Leftist loons are trying to shut it down and, you know what? This reporter thinks that that is wholly un-American.
0x58AE7522=高端住宅市场广阔。人们在位于证交区的股票市场努力工作，为的就是回家后能听见客厅黄金喷泉里的香槟流动声。他们过于忙碌，无暇出门自己寻找生活服务，所以会需要Yusuf Amir准备的厨师团队、管家、气功大师、雇佣朋友和整容医师。Amir的项目代表了成功企业家忙碌一天后应得的一切。投资这一项目就是投资美国经济。左派的蠢蛋居然还试图进行阻止，你猜怎么着？本文记者认为他们不算是美国人。

;0x7964BFF6=A-mir $5 Million for a Penthouse View of Hell
0x7964BFF6=只要500万，就能向Amir买到俯瞰众生的顶楼公寓

;0xAACF81C7=Leslie Mitchell
0xAACF81C7=Leslie Mitchell

;0xBD05C6B6=Liberals find something new to moan about
0xBD05C6B6=自由派找到了新牢骚

